hello and welcome to the kitchen and
what are we going to make today Delilah
stick stick sticky sicky-sick biscuit
right so let's make our sticks so we
just need to make some sugar cookie
dough and we're gonna roll them out to a
six shape we have got some soft butter
golden caster sugar turns plop that in
there Delilah and what we're gonna do
we're just gonna mix that together first
before we add in the rest of the
ingredients so that's all mixed in so
now we just need to add one egg and
we're just gonna give it another mix
just to kind of combine that all
together it's about a teaspoon of
vanilla paste just to go in there give
it another mix what's the last
ingredient plain flour that's it so
should I pop that in and if you don't
have a mixer at home it's fine you can
just do it in a bowl and just use your
hands but we're we're gonna use our
mixer today
so that's all come together and formed a
nice dough so we're gonna get a little
bit more plain flour so they're not too
sticky we're just gonna roll out a
little bit of our dough into a kind of
sausage shape so I'll just take a little
bit there roll it on the surface like
that just with your hands and we want to
make it about that fat so what you need
to make sure is when you're rolling out
the dough don't press it too hard with
your fingers because I was you can get
kind of like marks in that's not too bad
a little bit thinner okay so that's
perfect so that's our log of dough just
chop them down so I'm just gonna chop
the top off cuz I want them to look nice
and and about this about that size is
what you want to see it and we can read
all the extra bits can't we we're gonna
lay them out onto a baking tray and on
your tray you just need a little bit of
baking paper so they don't stick to the
tray and now what we're gonna do we're
going to put these sticks inside them so
you don't have to add a stick to your
sticky sticks but if you want to kind of
make them dance and things it's quite
fun you can add one of these lolly
sticks put the lolly stick just inside
the cookie dough so you only need to
push it up about this about this far
we'll just put eight on here one two
three four five six seven and then you
can put the last stick in there Delila
mister stick brilliant yeah you can just
use these and just snap little pieces
and then you can make him have his
little arms kind of dancing in all
different directions so I kind of think
if you put them about half way on his
body and just poke them in
they're ready to go in the oven so we're
gonna bake them in the oven 180 degrees
so you just want to make sure they're
nice and firm and nice and golden-brown
so we'll pop those in and then we will
come back when they're all bakes so
they're all baked and they've all cooled
down look at those so now to decorate
them we just need to paint him with some
milk chocolate so we've got 200 grams of
milk chocolate in this bowl and now we
just need to melt it so it's already yum
yum yum we're gonna turn them over we'll
paint the back bits first and cover the
arms
[Music]
and when you've painted the backs we can
just turn them over and we'll paint the
front that night okay so once you've
painted your six so we'll put those away
to set and we'll come back and then
decorate him they are ready so now we
can put on his little funny leaf and his
face so we're gonna use a little bit of
icing and we're just gonna mold the
shapes just take a small piece of icing
and then I I check I put it in half so
you just kind of make the ball and then
flatten it so they look about right do
you think so that's the eye shape the
eyes the leaf is about just a little bit
bigger than one of the eyes and make it
pointy at one end for his pupils you
just get a tiny bit of black icing one
there and then the mouth tiny sausage
like that we can just use a bit of the
chocolate that we have leftover and just
get a tiny little bit on a on one of the
sticks and just go blang blang
and then a little bit on the top for his
leaf and just stick that on the top you
know in the eyes that's it
so should we get those all decorated
brilliant let's do it together then
[Music]
brilliant there all done hope you
enjoyed that thanks for watching and for
more videos check out the BBC good food
YouTube channel
[Music]